[Music]
the psp was well known for the several
monster hunter games that released on
the system
whether it's the cold peaks of the snowy
mountains or the scorched lands
surrounding a hungry volcano each
environment has a very distinct look to
it and it's hard to account for
all of the detail the developers were
able to cram onto a umd
beautiful environment effects such as
waterfalls
cascading onto lakes and impressive
vistas are everywhere
naturally the monsters themselves look
just as stunning as the areas that they
occupy
from the small right to the more
imposing enemies you'll be coming across
each have their own little details that
make them unique and help give them a
real sense of personality as with any
monster hunter game there's a ton of
armor and weapons that can be unlocked
that all bring a distinct flair to your
character
each of them are lovingly detailed and
help the player carve out their own
distinct identity
one aspect though that really helps
freedom unite succeed are the simply
outstanding animations
from traversing the world to pulling off
intricate attacks everything feels and
looks smooth
and although it doesn't consistently hit
its frame rate target
and wave is between 30 and 60 frames
it's nothing that takes away from the
overall experience
over the years bernard dominator has
always been one of my go-to racing games
the fast intense and adrenaline fuel
driving has always impressed me
now dominator was another ps2 game that
got ported over to the handheld with the
transition being incredibly smooth
all of the elements that made the big
screen version so great are brought out
well on the portable machine
from the super sharp visuals to the
speedy frame rate
it manages to maintain the essence of
the series without sacrificing much in
the process
visually the most impressive aspect of
dominator has to be the tracks
each of them are filled to the brim with
subtle details that help each location
come to life
from the dense cityscapes to the dusty
forest roads there is plenty of variety
matching them in the cars themselves
which are all lent a nice amount of
detail
and to top all of this off the game runs
at a solid 60 frames per second
that looks phenomenal on the handheld
screen if you're looking for a solid
racing game on the psp
bernot dominator more than fits the bill
[Music]
shadow of destiny originally released on
the ps2
way back in 2001 it eventually came to
the psp and managed to offer
the same experience but this time in the
palm of your hands
is the player you take on the role of
ike and are plunged into an intriguing
plot that sees you trying to cheat fate
now the game is primarily set in a
fictional german town that soon becomes
the real star of the show
it is absolutely huge with various cafes
inns and unique locations that can all
be visited and interacted with
coupling this with the variety of npcs
that occupy the space as well
really pushes the believability of the
world and helps ground you within the
experience
each character model is lent the same
attention to detail as the last and
although there might not be as many as
you would expect in a town of this size
seeing it all up and running on the
handheld is still a real sight to behold
although the ps2 vision is still far
superior mainly due to the various
aspects that were introduced in the psp
release
such as new voice actors and music that
just didn't hit the same highs as the
original
shadow of destiny is still a great
adventure and one that well and truly
deserves a playthrough
ever since its first iteration on the
playstation 1 the tomb raider series has
constantly evolved and
iterated throughout the years sometimes
the varying degrees of success but when
it comes to graphically impressive psp
games there is no doubt that tomb raider
anniversary
more than deserves a shot the game is
essentially a remake of the first one
that takes full advantage of the then
new
legend engine that crystal dynamics have
been using
every aspect of the original was
lovingly recreated
from each and every level right down to
the gameplay that made tomb raider a
household name
now seeing this up and running on the
psp was incredible
of special note with the environments
that granted the adventure a real sense
of realism from the dingy caves of peru
to the majesty of the great coliseum
naturally you'll be coming across a wide
range of enemies and characters that are
all just as painstakingly detailed as
the world they reside in especially lara
who is just
as nimble as you would expect you'll be
climbing flipping and swimming your way
to the conclusion with each action being
gracefully animated and fit him
seamlessly into the game if you never
got around to playing it
tomb raider anniversary is still worth
giving a go
when melvia solid was released in 1998
it spawned a whole series of knockoffs
while
some with cheap attempts to cash in on
the popularity of mgs
one was actually quite good and this was
siphon filter
fast forward several years and the psp
saw report of dark mirror that is quite
arguably one of the best games available
for the system
dark mirror has some of the best
presentation and visual effects seen on
the handheld each of the character
models are crisp and
feature various subtle details that
often help them stand out from each
other the game's environments are simply
fantastic
ranging from oil refineries to bombed
out weapon facilities and war-torn towns
with the texture work that accompanies
them being crisp and clean but it's
during clay that dark mirror truly comes
into its own various particle effects
such as explosions
falling snow and smoke all help breathe
life into the on-screen action that
helps further immerse the player into
the environment
dark mirror is hands down one of the
most impressive games on the psp
sony ben did a fantastic job of taking
advantage of everything the hardware had
to offer so if you're a fan of the
series or just looking to jump into an
action adventure around the psp
syphon filter dark mirror is a great
option
the tekken franchise has always been one
to visually impress the psp vision of
six
carries this on and presents one of the
best looking fighters on the handheld
much like the previous entries on the
psp the character models are at the
center of the impressive visuals and
possess a level of detail
unlike any other handheld fighter each
of them are extremely well designed and
presented which only helps bring out the
beautiful way they are animated
performing moves
combos and special attacks during each
encounter feels
incredibly smooth and lends a real sense
of urgency to each fight
during play the lighting and particle
effects add a real weight to the
on-screen action as well as several
environmental touches like
weather effects and wind that all react
to the characters in real time
seeing it up and running on the portable
device is a real sight to behold and it
still manages to look stunning
even to this day one aspect the series
is well known for
the stages that play host to each fight
as you would expect there's an absolute
tone included that offer an incredible
amount of variety
each of them come with several
interactive elements as well as
background details that help each of
them come to life
if you're a fan of the series or just
simply looking to get into a solid
fighter on the psp
tekken 6 offers up a great option
silent hill has always been well known
for its visual prowess with each and
every subsequent release the series has
continued this tradition and shattered
memories is no exception
it's essentially a port of the ps2 game
that manages to maintain
every aspect from the gameplay right
down to the incredible visuals
now one of the most important aspects of
any silent hill game has to be the space
in which it plays out
this time around the town of silent hill
is absolutely covered in snow
armed with only a flashlight in your
wits you start off exploring the vast
environment which is absolutely brimming
with detail
from the secluded streets to the
intricate interiors it feels like a
believable space which only manages to
amp up the tension in the process
as you would expect light plays a huge
role in the game
shadows naturally cascade around the
environments and characters that help
ground each
of them within the world of course
silent hill wouldn't be complete without
the range of repulsive monsters that
occupy the town these distorted
creations all bring their own
intimidating manner to the adventure and
each of them are impressively animated
if you're looking for a slice of horror
on the psp
silent hill shattered memories is not
only one of the best looking games but
also one that is bound to stick with you
long after you've finished it
ever since the first entry in the
franchise soul edge was introduced on
the playstation 1
the series is consistently up the ante
when it comes to visuals with each
consecutive release
broken destiny on the psp brings the
weapon based fighter
soaring onto the handheld device and
fully succeeds in offering a competent
and enjoyable version to play on the go
in regards to visuals soul calibur has
always thrived and broken destiny is no
exception there's little doubting that
the visuals are one of its strongest
points whilst the game obviously does
not look good as its home console
counterpart
the visuals are certainly some of the
best ever seen on the psp
the character models are highly detailed
and animate beautifully whilst the
fighting arenas are simply stunning and
mirror those seen on the consoles very
closely
but quite possibly the most impressive
aspect is that it all runs at a solid 60
frames per second
that helps keep the pace of each fight
and results in a very smooth and
responsive experience
if you're fond of the series this one is
a no-brainer and totally deserves a spot
in
your collection as well
the psp was no stranger to incredible
rpgs but when it comes to sheer visual
fidelity
soul trigger stands tall is a huge
achievement on the system
one of the first things that will strike
many of the gorgeous character designs
from the main cast right down to each
individual enemy you'll come across
they all look fantastic this is no more
apparent than when in battle which takes
place from a first person perspective it
allows you to take in each of them and
appreciate the sheer level of detail
that's afforded to each
as you would expect to have access to a
wide range of abilities and spells that
light up the screen in style particle
and lighting effects adorn the on-screen
action and bring a real flare to each
encounter and as with most rpgs you'll
find yourself visiting a sizeable amount
of unique areas that all offer up
something new
from the dense city to the towering
mountains that surround it they all add
to the overall believability and quality
of the adventure the help cement soul
trigger is one of the greatest rpgs on
the handheld
like many games on the psp we
unfortunately never received final
fantasy type zero until a hd re-release
many years later now it's more of an rpg
that is grounded in reality
and takes many cues from the likes of
final fantasy 7 and 8 when it comes to
its world design there's no doubt in my
mind that this is simply one of the best
looking psp games ever released
naturally each and every character is
afforded an extreme amount of detail but
their designs are much more contemporary
the hair colors and styles are quite
restrained but still different enough
that each character remains original and
easily recognizable within battle
is where type 0 really starts to impress
the speed and intensity of each
encounter is simply breathtaking on the
handheld screen
the list of attacks and abilities all
bring their own unique animations and
flourishes to the table that makes
performing all of them a real blast
although the game is not without its
flaws type zero is still a solid
experience
that deserves a playthrough well that
does it for today's video
don't forget to hit subscribe and follow
me on all of the socials to stay up to
date on future videos and to take part
in giveaways you can also join our
growing community on discord and meet
many like-minded gamers to continue the
conversation with i'd like to give a
special shout out to our patreon
supporters as well
rhino skill gym nano steve and paddy j
for their continued support that helps
make these videos possible
if you're interested in joining our
discord or supporting the channel
through patreon you'll find the links in
the description as always thanks for
taking the time to watch the video
catch you in the next one
you